Previously...
You are what this town needs
for mayor.
I know what I saw.
You and some woman.
I think that you need to move out.
You're using XK. aren't you? You lied to
me! I thought you were getting powers?
It's not gonna happen again. okay?
Timmy's mom found an inhaler.
Apparently. the police are involved.
It's real. A different dimension.
A parallel universe.
And if Ally's goal is to use
these pendants
to become some kind of a God...
Then I need to get it back
from Anderson and destroy it.
An unidentified Kryptonian being
took the lives of two of our assets.
Why didn't you tell me that thing
you were chasing was you?
It's not me.
You captured your doppelganger!
I need to understand why he's here.
You will find that pale son of a bitch
by any means necessary.
or you will be stripped of your duties.
Until he reveals the location
of that thing that killed our men.
Superman will remain a prisoner
of the United States Government.
Look what the wind blew in.
What is this?
Your jackbooted friends
brought you in last night.
Or was it this morning?
Time loses all meaning in captivity.
I wonder. brother. what you possibly
could have done to wind up here?
Presumably. you've been on the rough
end of a rather vicious betrayal.
Enough!
I don't need to hear it
from you right now.
There's been a misunderstanding.
One I'm very anxious to hear about.
Anderson.
You need to let me out.
Actually. I don't.
I've been given full command
of this operation.
Your arrest was sanctioned
by General Hardcastle herself.
And given that you are actively
harboring a monster who killed
American soldiers. I think the
consequences are appropriate.
Once I destroy the pendant. I will bring
him in so he can stand trial.
I don't care about a trial
and I don't trust you
to keep your word.
Tell me where he is.
Fine. You can rot in here
with your brother.
Anderson!
There's a greater threat here.
Her name is Ally Allston.
She's a cult leader.
Whatever brought your suspect
to this world.
she knows more about it
than anyone.
She's dangerous
and she needs to be stopped.
If you don't believe me.
then look into her yourself.
Whoever this woman turns out to be.
it changes nothing.
When I return. you will give me
the location of my suspect.
Well. brother. now that we're alone.
why don't you spin me a tale
and tell me all about
this new monster you're after.
SUPERMAN AND LOIS
Clark is where?
The same off-site prison
where I sent Tal-Rho.
Is he being questioned or punished?
And how long do they intend
to hold him?
My contact didn't know. But they're
charging him with treason.
Treason? That's insane.
He's Superman for God's sake.
Yes. I know. But here we are.
And it doesn't sound like this is
gonna get resolved anytime soon.
Well. then. I'll resolve it myself.
Lois. you can't just barge into the DOD
and demand Anderson release
Superman. Let me make some calls.
Dad. you've been making calls
all night.
We need to get him out of there.
I'll head to the DOD.
raise a little noise.
see if I can't get a face to face
with Hardcastle.
Any updates on dad?
Not yet. We're working on it.
Why don't you write an article about
how Superman was taken to prison?
Trust me. they would just deny it.
You guys are gonna have to keep
yourselves busy after school. okay?
Until your grandfather
and I figure this out.
So whatever's going on between
you two. I suggest you figure it out.
Jordan.
This the last of dad's stuff?
Honey. you shouldn't have to do that.
I didn't want Sophie to see.
I didn't want you to see.
This is what's gotta happen. right?
Might as well just get it over with.
I never wanted my daughters to know
what it felt like to have a broken home.
Especially coming from one.
I'm so sorry to put you
and your sister through this.
Mom. you're not putting us anything.
Dad is. None of this is your fault.
None of it is yours. either. Okay?
All right. honey. we gotta go.
- Okay. I'll get Sophie ready.
- Thank you.
Sophie! School!
An evening with George Dean
The value of family values.
- You going to first period?
- I don't know yet.
You get any sleep last night?
Not much. I just found out
my dad's moving out. so...
- Like forever?
- Probably.
- Well. maybe...
- I don't know. Jordan. Sorry.
It's only been one night.
and it's just so hard seeing my mom
cry all the time.
I can imagine.
I don't really know if you can.
Hey. babe.
Still thinking about
how sexy you were on the field.
I did have a little help.
Yeah. and it worked
so I brought you some more.
That should last you a while.
Candice.
- I'll hook you up with a good price.
- No. it's not about that.
Honestly. I think I'm done.
- Are you out of your mind?
- I can't. I can't do that anymore.
Jon. you're starting quarterback. okay?
You can't just stop.
This is what helped you get here.
Everyone. I need you to step away
from your lockers.
They're after of the X-K.
I can't get caught with this stuff.
Jonathan.
If the people my dad works for find out
about this. we're gonna lose everything.
- No. you won't.
- What are you doing?
I'll dump it. okay? I'm a good kid.
No way they're gonna check me.
And if they do. then...
No. dad. I will not hang tight
and let you do your thing.
Well. then go to Hardcastle's office
and kick in the door.
Because if you don't. I will.
Fine. Call me back.
Hey. Are you okay?
Now Dean's acting like he's the family
values candidate? Seriously?
I know. it's absurd.
Yeah. that seems to be the strategy
they're going for.
And unfortunately. his campaign can
print whatever message they want.
I have to fight back.
How much did he pay for this?
- Three thousand dollars.
- I can't afford that.
If it was up to me. I would run
your ads for free every single day.
up until the election.
But I'm afraid that would violate every
campaign finance law imaginable.
So would I do?
Dean's got the power of his office
and the town gossip
all working in his favor.
But you have the truth.
Don't underestimate that.
There's still plenty of time
to beat Dean.
You just have to catch him off-guard.
One sec.
Hello?
He was caught with what?
I pity you. brother.
I mean. after everything you've done
for humanity. to find yourself here.
Do you ever stop talking?
Cast out.
imprisoned. it's humiliating.
Yes. but the real punishment
is having to listen to you.
Now. that is unfair.
I am on your side.
Have you so quickly forgotten the aid
I provided last time we met?
You attacked my son.
An overreaction. I admit.
But no harm came of it.
And did I not bring you face to face
with our mother?
For that good deed alone I deserve
at least some gratitude.
You got what you deserved.
to be locked up in here.
With you.
Last chance. Superman.
Where's my suspect?
I asked you to look into Ally Allston.
If you did. then you know
what we're up against.
If you didn't. then I need to speak
to General Hardcastle.
I told you. I'm in command now.
And I want that thing
that killed my team.
But if you won't tell me where he is.
maybe he will.
I beg your pardon?
You Kryptonians must have
so many secrets.
Maybe my suspect's hidey-hole
is among them.
Assuming that were true. what
will you offer for my cooperation?
That's simple. I'll make the pain stop.
Stop!
Hey.
Do you know anything about Jonathan
Kent taking this drug from the mines?
Can you let me
put my stuff down first?
- Sarah. this is serious.
- I know.
I was there when the sheriff came in.
No. I didn't know anything about it.
Thank God.
Yeah. Jordan's freaking out.
But please just promise me...
Not to smoke space drugs?
Yeah. I'm not that stupid.
What is it?
It's just dad calling
for like the hundred time.
- Are you okay?
- Yeah.
No. I just feel like I can't talk
to Jordan about everything.
I mean. he's sweet but the biggest
problem he has with his dad
is the coach shorts
that Mr. Kent likes to wears.
And he just has a lot going on
with his family right now.
He doesn't need another thing.
You know. it might be good for you
to just vent to a friend a little bit.
Is there anyone else you feel
comfortable talking to you about this?
Twenty X-K inhalers?
Twenty!
- I was getting rid of them.
- Do not lie to me. Jonathan!
Not today. This family is going through
enough right now.
And I am trying so hard
to keep it together.
so I'm gonna ask you and
you're gonna be honest with me.
- Are you selling drugs?
- No. mom. I promise.
And it's not even technically drugs.
The sheriffs not even pressing charges.
Tell that to the school. Jonathan.
They're meeting right now
to decide whether or not
to have you expelled.
And regardless of how you classify
"experimental space narcotics".
what the hell were you doing
with so much of it?
I can't tell you that.
If you ever wanna leave
this house again. you better.
- Mom. people are gonna get in trouble.
- Yeah. Drug dealers.
Mom. I understand that you're upset.
But I cannot rat...
Do you have any idea
how much trouble you are in?
What. you just think. "my mom can
just talk my way out of this"?
I am so pissed. And trust me.
Jonathan. your father will be. too.
Were you involved with this?
I found out the other night.
The other night?
Jordan caught me using X-K
and called me out.
And I haven't used it since.
So you were using this stuff?
For the last couple of weeks. yeah.
'cause Timmy was using it
and I didn't think
that I could beat him without.
Who are you?
You know what?
I have had enough disappointment
for today.
So get upstairs right now.
both of you.
Tell me where he is before
the Kryptonite destroys you.
Anderson. you don't understand
what you're asking me to do.
That suspect has knowledge we may
need to stop something terrible.
I don't care.
You're willing to die for him?
The man who put you here
in the first place?
Brother. please.
Enough!
He's at 76.2 North longitude.
100.4 West latitude.
Take it off!
Thank you for your cooperation.
Those coordinates are
to your Fortress in the Arctic.
- That should keep him busy.
- For now.
But when he returns.
he is going to kill me.
What will you do then. brother?
Hey. I am sorry to show up
out of nowhere.
and I know how much
you're going through right now.
but I really just need talk.
Of course.
Do you really think Jonathan
was selling X-K?
He claims it wasn't his. but who
knows if he's telling the truth.
He didn't admit he was using it until
after his brother outed him.
It's awful. And what did Clark say?
He doesn't know.
I'm afraid that when he finds out.
he's never gonna forgive him.
How did I miss this?
I had no idea this was going on.
You cannot blame yourself.
Kids that age are pretty good
at keeping secrets from their parents.
I know.
I just didn't know the boys had
these types of secrets.
Why would he do something like that?
You know.
after Sarah's suicide attempt.
I kept wanting her to tell me
why she did it.
Because that's what I needed to hear
to make myself feel better.
But when we did finally talk about it.
I realized that the best thing
I could do was just listen.
Even if the answer
wasn't what I wanted to hear.
it let her know that I was there
for her. no matter what.
And sometimes that's the only job
as a mom.
to be there for your kid.
when they don't have anyone else.
I think that Mayor Dean made
a big mistake
bringing up the family values.
I'm pretty sure I still have a husband
that cheated on me.
But you are a great mom.
And accusing a good mom of being
a bad one is terrible politics.
Yeah. You're right.
I just need to call him out.
Take the fight to him.
I am so sorry.
Are you okay?
What?
Is that your supplier freaking out?
Shut up!
I wasn't the one selling drugs
to the football team so...
For the last time.
I wasn't selling drugs!
Okay. Then why'd you have
that bag full of all vials?
Look. I thought
that I could get rid of it.
Whatever. I thought that if I got
caught. it wasn't a big deal.
- I thought I'd be in a little trouble.
- A little trouble?
- Yes.
- Was there someone on the team?
- Was it Wellnitz?
- No!
Please. stop.
I don't know why you'd get in all this
trouble if it was someone else's.
Look. I made a dumb decision.
You were right.
I'm a terrible brother.
Now. can you please
just leave me alone?
Yeah.
You would let them torture me?
I'm a prisoner here. Same as you.
Yes. but you could secure
your own release.
My fate here
is of a more permanent nature.
Unless...
Unless what?
I happen to know
a few of your secrets. don't I?
Delicate matters I might very well use
to my advantage.
We are approaching the target.
Proceed with caution.
If that thing is in there.
it's extremely dangerous.
It appears to be empty. sir.
Damn it. He lied to me.
Don't threaten me.
You're not the one being brought to heel
by some barbarous Kryptonite collar.
Perhaps. I might extend my leash by
shining a light on all your many lies.
That's enough!
Is it. brother? I think not.
Sir. we found something.
Any idea what this is?
It's that thing's suit.
Superman must have warned him
we were coming.
They're working together.
This whole time.
Superman's been lying to me.
And there's the proof.
Move. move. move!
Prisoners. back away
from each other. Now!
I gave you an order. Let him go!
Prisoner! Back away or my soldiers
will open fire.
Of course. My apologies.
Sir. General Hardcastle's on line one.
Says she's been trying to reach you.
Hold her off until we have something
to report.
What the hell is going on in there?
Is he breathing?
He's Superman. I'm sure he's fine.
Check his pulse. soldier.
Those are Kryptonians.
Get the men out of that cell!
Sir? Say it again?
Do not approach the prisoner!
Fall back!
- Don't shoot me.
- Tal!
I played my part. you could at least
let me have a little fun.
I've missed this feeling.
Look. here comes the cavalry.
I'll take that as my cue.
Satellite has prisoners
on course for the Badlands.
That's where Superman fought
Tal-Rho.
You really believe they've been
working together this whole time?
We have to presume
that everything is part of some plot.
Good luck getting the brass
to give a damn. I need a chopper.
But sir. General Hardcastle.
She's gonna take away my command
if I don't prove I'm right.
The best way to do that
is to finish this.
What are you gonna do?
Simple.
I'm gonna kill the bad guys
and bring Superman back.
One way or another.
Tal claims the two of you escaped
a prison and have joined forces.
- I had no other choice.
- It was glorious. mother.
Two sons of Krypton vanquishing
their human oppressors.
you'd have been proud.
It's fascinating. He's like some
warped version of you.
And he babbles like an idiot.
His words flow backwards.
unless...
This man betrayed my family.
Sounds familiar.
I'm sure there's more to it than that.
Were we always at odds
on your world?
No. we were inseparable.
the closest of brothers.
What drove us apart?
Greed? Power?
Your wife tried to kill me.
My wife?
Aubrey. hey.
Thanks for coming.
I know that it's a long way.
Wasn't that bad.
Clover's only like a two hour drive.
So I know that I shouldn't have
ghosted you after camp.
I get it. You have a boyfriend
and you didn't want
to make it all weird.
Yeah. but that doesn't mean
that it wasn't rude.
I just wanted to say I'm sorry.
Okay. Well. apology accepted.
But that's not the only reason
why you texted me.
Well. my life is falling apart.
My dad cheated on my mom
and I feel like you're the only person
who might understand.
Okay.
Well. child of divorce to the rescue.
Just so you know.
I am like totally here for you.
but can we please order form fries?
Because I'm literally starving.
And now he won't just stop calling.
Do you want to talk to him?
No.
Kind of. I mean.
it just doesn't seem fair to my mom.
It's not about her. It's about you.
After my parents split. I froze my dad
out for like almost an entire year
and you know what?
It didn't fix their marriage.
It didn't make me feel any better
and if anything.
it just make me angry and mean.
You? Mean?
I got into like two fights that year.
I actually chipped my front tooth.
It was so stupid.
That's insane.
So maybe spare your teeth.
and if you want to see your dad.
see your dad.
You're right.
You're awesome.
- I'm gonna hold you to that.
- Shut up.
It's also later than I thought.
so I should probably get going.
I got it.
I was wondering maybe
we could be friends again.
I was hoping you'd say that.
- Bye.
What now?
I just wanted to say I'm sorry
about what happened.
Okay. Well. thank you for saying that.
And also I don't think
it was Jon selling those drugs.
I know he was carrying them.
but you've got to believe me.
I think he was just trying
to cover for someone else.
I hope you're right.
But you're still in trouble
for knowing about this.
Let's try this again from the beginning.
Okay.
I found out
that Timmy was taking X-K.
and so I got some and I started
taking it to keep up with him.
You're right. it was just really stupid.
But I really wanted to start
this season
after everything that happened
last year.
I feel like everybody in this family
is great at something
and I wanted to be great I guess.
It doesn't justify what I did.
not at all. But it's the truth.
And just so you know.
I would never sell drugs.
I believe you. sweetie. I do.
But I'm still incredibly disappointed
in you.
And taking drugs like that is just
something I never even thought
you would consider doing.
I will make it up to you.
Okay? I promise.
Then start by telling me
where you got the X-K.
Jon. Principal Balcomb called me again
on the way back
and unless you can prove
that those inhalers were not yours.
the school board is gonna expel you.
I can't ruin someone else's life.
What about your life?
Honey. I know that you think that
what you are doing is right.
but sometimes in life. there are
mistakes that we cannot take back.
And I assure you this is one of them.
Please. just tell me.
I'm sorry.
So am I.
I can't stop thinking that I had a wife.
She must be a goddess.
Any idea where I might find her
on this earth?
Can we please focus?
At least. let him tell me her name.
How long is that gonna take?
Something is coming.
It's a missile.
Superman!
You will stand down or I will open fire.
- You don't have to do this.
- I'm bringing you in.
All of you. By any means necessary.
You!
You killed my team.
I kill anyone who gets in my way.
Let him out of the cage.
I'm not gonna do that.
Fine.
I'll get him out of there myself.
I don't appreciate intruders
in my home.
Tal!
Help my sons.
What?
Now you suffer!
Mother!
Kryptonite fragments have pierced
several of his vital organs.
You must disintegrate them.
Be precise Kal or you will kill him.
You did it. The kryptonite fragments
are destroyed.
No. no. he's not healing.
All that time in prison.
under the solar lamps.
He needs the sun.
I see you brought me back
to my proper place.
You knew I could never let you go free.
What a shame. We could've
conquered the world by now.
You should get better
in a couple of days.
My father used to say pain was just
a way of reminding me I was alive.
Quite the gem.
And you?
Am I to assume your
misunderstanding with the humans
has been resolved?
More or less.
They will no doubt apologize
for their oversteps
and you will go back to trusting them.
And Anderson?
Escaped. But I'll find him.
What of the other you?
He's dead.
Could've been me tonight.
If you hadn't done what you did.
What are brothers for?
Thank you.
Kal.
Tell your son I'm sorry.
Maybe someday.
you can tell him yourself.
brother.
A warrant has been issued
for Anderson's arrest.
He went AWOL.
stole government property.
weapons from project 7734.
vials of confiscated X-K.
And he blames Superman
for ruining his life and career.
The sooner we get him behind bars.
the better.
I want you to know. I offered
to lead the manhunt myself.
It's not your responsibility. dad.
You're retired.
Yeah. But I'm the one
who recommended him for the job.
Long day.
Sam. All I want now
is some Chinese food.
a glass of red wine.
and be with my family.
What?
You've always got to know
what's going on in your family.
Because that's what this town is.
We are all family.
Hell. Chuck and I went
to St. John Vianney together
since first grade.
Aidy. we sing next to each other
every Sunday in the choir.
Now. let's be honest.
Aidy's beautiful voice drowns me out.
but I'm trying.
I'm trying.
My point is this. if you can't keep
control of your own family.
if you don't really know what's
going on in your own home.
how are we to trust that you'd know
what's going on with all of us?
Because I love this town. George.
And everyone in it.
Well. Lana.
I just can't be sure given your current
situation if we can be sure of that.
I guess. I'll just have to make it clear
to everybody during our debates.
But what should be really in question
here. George.
is what kind of person you are.
Someone so willing to attack
a member of this family
during one of the most painful
moments of their life.
Does that sound
like family values to you?
Dad?
Can we talk?
Yeah.
- You're back.
- Yeah. I am.
I was not expecting to hear
what you're mother just told me.
- Dad. I can explain.
- Jonathan. no.
You're mom gave you multiple
chances to tell her the whole story.
but you choose not to.
- I'm sorry.
- What were you thinking?
I wanted to be better.
By taking drugs?
Have we thought you nothing?
Have you not heard a single word that
either of us has ever said to you?
- Yes.
- Then. damn. it. act like it.
Tomorrow you will go and you will
apologize to Principal Balcomb.
then you will apologize
to Coach Gaines
and after that you will apologize
to the entire football team.
Your mother and I are going to figure
out how you're going to finish
the school year.
whether it is in the next town over.
online. or somewhere else.
And after all that. Jonathan.
you and I are gonna have a long talk
about all the important things
I though you already knew.
so that you don't ever misrepresent
yourself or this family again.
Do you understand?
Yes. sir.
Ally Allston.
Yes?
I'm Mitchell Anderson.
Formerly of the United States
Department of Defense.
I heard about you from Superman.
From Superman?
He thought you were dangerous
enough that I should look into you.
And I have something that he wants.
but I think it belongs to you.
Can you...
Can you tell me what this is?
That...
That is the way to change to worlds.